README.md, before:

# Samples for Siemens PLC LOGO! 8

Here are sample projects for `Siemens PLC LOGO! 8` series.

Used hardware:
* [LOGO 12/24RCE][Logo-12-24-RCE-Conrad] from [LOGO 12/24RCE Starter Kit][Starter-Kit-Conrad]

Used software:
* OS: `XP SP3` in Virtual Box VM (use Network Interface that can access
  PLC via TCP/IP)
* `LOGO!Soft Comfort` version 8.2.1

# Examples

## Staircase timer - basic

Stairway light control using Push-button. Also
uses Base Module (BM) display to show status.

Diagram: 

![PLC Logo Staircase timer diagram](https://github.com/hpaluch/plc-logo/blob/master/assets/plc-logo-staircase-switch-diagram.png?raw=true)

Prototype (low-voltage bulb) photo:

![PLC Logo Staircase timer photo](https://github.com/hpaluch/plc-logo/blob/master/assets/plc-logo-starcaise-photo.jpg?raw=true)


File: `StairCaseSwitch.lsc` 

Status: early prototype

## Staircase timer - with potentiometer

Staircase timer where interval is set
by Potentiometer (5KOHm) - using Analog Input
of LOGO 12/24RCE.

File: `StairCaseSwitchWithPot.lsc` 

Status: early prototype

Diagram: 

![PLC Logo Staircase timer with POT diagram](https://github.com/hpaluch/plc-logo/blob/master/assets/plc-logo-staircase-switch-with-pot-diagram.png?raw=true)

Prototype photo:

![PLC Logo Staircase timer with POT photo](https://github.com/hpaluch/plc-logo/blob/master/assets/plc-logo-starcaise-pot-photo.jpg?raw=true)


#
# Troubleshooting

# PLC Logo refuses to start on power up

PLC Logo does not start, on pressing ESC it just prints
"detecting..." and after a while fall to sleep again.

Cause: Too low power supply voltage (encountered with 9V Supply, which is of
course out of specs)

Solution: Use proper 12V Supply.


[Logo-12-24-RCE-Conrad]: https://velkoobchod.conrad.cz/plc-ridici-modul-siemens-logo-12-24rce-6ed1052-1md08-0ba0-12-v-dc-24-v-dc.k1628679?gclid=EAIaIQobChMIuLvS8Z7S5AIVF5zVCh3_FQhzEAQYASABEgKoLPD_BwE
[Starter-Kit-Conrad]: https://www.conrad.cz/startovaci-sada-pro-plc-siemens-logo-starter-kit-12-24rce-6ed1057-3ba01-0aa8-12-v-dc-24-v-dc.k1302216

Commit message:

Add schema for POT version

README.md, after:

# Samples for Siemens PLC LOGO! 8

Here are sample projects for `Siemens PLC LOGO! 8` series.

Used hardware:
* [LOGO 12/24RCE][Logo-12-24-RCE-Conrad] from [LOGO 12/24RCE Starter Kit][Starter-Kit-Conrad]

Used software:
* OS: `XP SP3` in Virtual Box VM (use Network Interface that can access
  PLC via TCP/IP)
* `LOGO!Soft Comfort` version 8.2.1

# Examples

## Staircase timer - basic

Stairway light control using Push-button. Also
uses Base Module (BM) display to show status.

Diagram: 

![PLC Logo Staircase timer diagram](https://github.com/hpaluch/plc-logo/blob/master/assets/plc-logo-staircase-switch-diagram.png?raw=true)

Prototype (low-voltage bulb) photo:

![PLC Logo Staircase timer photo](https://github.com/hpaluch/plc-logo/blob/master/assets/plc-logo-starcaise-photo.jpg?raw=true)


File: `StairCaseSwitch.lsc` 

Status: early prototype

## Staircase timer - with potentiometer

Staircase timer where interval is set
by Potentiometer (5KOHm) - using Analog Input
of LOGO 12/24RCE.

File: `StairCaseSwitchWithPot.lsc` 

Status: early prototype

Diagram: 

![PLC Logo Staircase timer with POT diagram](https://github.com/hpaluch/plc-logo/blob/master/assets/staircase-with-pot/plc-logo-staircase-switch-with-pot-diagram.png?raw=true)

Prototype photo:

![PLC Logo Staircase timer with POT photo](https://github.com/hpaluch/plc-logo/blob/master/assets/staircase-with-pot/plc-logo-starcaise-pot-photo.jpg?raw=true)

And schema (created in KiCAD):

![PLC Logo Staircase timer with POT schema](https://github.com/hpaluch/plc-logo/blob/master/assets/staircase-with-pot/plc-with-pot-schem.png?raw=true)


#
# Troubleshooting

# PLC Logo refuses to start on power up

PLC Logo does not start, on pressing ESC it just prints
"detecting..." and after a while fall to sleep again.

Cause: Too low power supply voltage (encountered with 9V Supply, which is of
course out of specs)

Solution: Use proper 12V Supply.


[Logo-12-24-RCE-Conrad]: https://velkoobchod.conrad.cz/plc-ridici-modul-siemens-logo-12-24rce-6ed1052-1md08-0ba0-12-v-dc-24-v-dc.k1628679?gclid=EAIaIQobChMIuLvS8Z7S5AIVF5zVCh3_FQhzEAQYASABEgKoLPD_BwE
[Starter-Kit-Conrad]: https://www.conrad.cz/startovaci-sada-pro-plc-siemens-logo-starter-kit-12-24rce-6ed1057-3ba01-0aa8-12-v-dc-24-v-dc.k1302216
